- [Instructor] So now that we've seen the basics
of connecting to a database and using JDBC,
we're going to take a look at what it takes
to bring Hibernate into the picture with Quarkus.
So let's go back into our command app
and open up the pom file,
and we're going to add another dependency in here.
The dependency that we are going to add is
Quarkus
Hibernate
ORM
and that is of course going to come from io.quarkus
And we'll allow Maven to do it's thing.
All right, so let's go into source main Java
And into our base package.
Let's go into our Room class
and let's annotate this Room class
to be a Hibernate entity.
So @Entity
and we're going to go ahead and give it a table
with a name equals
Room.
And now let's add a private long id.
We'll annotate that with @Id.
@GeneratedValue,
with a strategy of identity
because this is a serial object
and then a column
name equals Room ID.
Now we're going to add a column
to each of our fields here.
So name is name.
Room number is Room under number.
And bed info
is that.
Now let's go into our CommandRunner.
And we're going to swap out our dataSource
with an EntityManager.
And now let's take out some of this
data here.
All right.
Now the first thing that we need to do
because Hibernate is designed to be request scoped.
Is we need to set a requestContext
activate.
And when we are done,
we're going to do the same thing
and then we are going to deactivate it.
All right.
Now
list of Room elements called Rooms
will be equal to entityManager
.createQuery.
And the query we're going to pass it is
select r
from Room r,
this is going to be a Room.class
and then we want to get the result list.
And then we go ahead and print them out
and we should be good to go.
And that's all it really takes
to get Hibernate running in Quarkus
with one other change that we need to make.
We need to go into the resource files
because Hibernate will try to create the schemer
and we've already done that.
So let's tell Hibernate
to not generate our database.
Now this is the default value is none.
I like to go ahead and set it,
just because I like to be very thorough
and I have seen issues where Hibernate
will still overwrite the settings
so I like to explicitly say none here.
But at that point we can run our application
and you'll see once again we've downloaded all of our rooms
from the database by simply using Hibernate.
Now plus or minus on Hibernate,
I'm not the biggest fan of it
because of the way it does some things
but it does work
and it does make things easier
especially in simpler use cases
and if you add Pinash on top of it
which we're not going to go into in this course,
it can make it even easier
if you don't really want to get into the details
of running JDBC database connections
which is how I prefer to do my work
when working with relational databases.